Endgame S03E03 - SocGholish (#1043)
DIVD-NL/web-csirt: cases/DIVD-2026-00007/wpadmin-instructions.md

---
layout: page
case: DIVD-2026-00007
title: Recommendations for victims whos WordPress website was found to be compromised with SocGholish in Operation Endgame S03E03 
excerpt: This page contains recommendation for administrators that have received a notification from DIVD that their website was compromisedas part of Operation Endgame S03E03
redirect_from:  
- /DIVD-2026-00007/instructions-for-wordpress-admins/
---
This page is a sub page of the case file for case [DIVD-2026-00007 - Victim Notification Operation Endgame S03E03](/DIVD-2026-00007/), which contains the general information about this case.

## It was determined that your website was spreading malware via the SocGholish malware downloader during Operation Endgame edition S03E03

> If you are reading this it probably means that your website ate some point is time was spreading malware via the SocGholish malware downloader and maybe still is. You website was likely compromised through stolen adminisator credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are reading this it probably means that your website was spreading malware via the SocGholish malware downloader, and maybe still is. You website was likely compromised through stolen administrator credentials.
```

<!--

> If you received a notification from us with the subject `[URGENT] Operation Endgame - Compromised credentials found for this email address - Ref:2025-00041/account` it means that one or more email address and password combinations of you were found to be stolen by an infostealer according to information we received from the Dutch police.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you received a notification from us with the subject `[URGENT] Operation Endgame - Compromised credentials found for this email address - Ref:2026-00007/account` it means that one or more email address and password combinations of you were found to be stolen by an infostealer according to information we received from the Dutch police.
```
